Improve docs for accessing shoot in `provider-local` setup (#7469)
gardener/gardener: docs/deployment/getting_started_locally.md

EOF
```

> To access the `Shoot` you can get the shoot `kubeconfig` by following [Accessing Shoot Clusters](../usage/shoot_access.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the `Shoot`, you can acquire a `kubeconfig` by using the [`shoots/adminkubeconfig` subresource](../usage/shoot_access.md#shootsadminkubeconfig-subresource).
```

> To access the `Shoot` you can get the shoot `kubeconfig` by following [Accessing Shoot Clusters](../usage/shoot_access.md#accessing-shoot-clusters).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To access the `Shoot` you can get the shoot `kubeconfig` by following [Accessing Shoot Clusters](../usage/shoot_access.md).
```
